Wouldn't you agree that this image is a bit stark, we want to lighten it up a bit, it's it's kind
of overpowering.
There's too many colors going on.
So to lighten it up a bit.
Well, we're going to do is we're going to create an authentication cover, kind of like something to
cover the background image and we'll call it expert const account cover.
And we're going to say that it's a style dot view.
And we're we're going to give it a good style here.
We're going to we're going to spruce it up a bit.
Now, what do we want it to look like?
Well, if it's going to cover the entirety of the screen, well, we don't want it to conflict with
anything else.
So we're going to give it a position absolute, because we just want it to fill up the whole screen
and we're going to give it a width of one hundred percent and a height of one hundred percent.
And we just want it to overlay basically we want where we put it to overlay everything.
So it's kind of like a stack.
We want it to be all the way at the back of the stack and we just want it to look nice.
Now we're going to say that this is going to have a background color, which is going to look a little
something like this.
It's going to be giba to five, five to four or five to four or five.
And we're going to give it a opacity.
This is the opacity parameter of zero point three.
So we're going to say, hey, it's only this much visible.
Now, let's look at what that looks like, actually, because I can say that all I want.
But the visual speaks more than words, doesn't it?
Account background.
Let's close that off and then let's go inside of here and let's say let's get our account cover going
on and let's let's self close that tag.
Let's import it.
And once we have that.
What's going oh, this is the register screen.
Well, first of all, I need to be on the account screen, which is the one being rendered right now.
And so once we're in the in the screen, we'll do account cover and then we'll open up the tag here
of account background and we'll put the account cover in here.
And once we do that, automatically a bit lighter.
And you can see here, if we play around with the opacity, we put it at zero point five zero point
six zero point nine.
It's going to get lighter and lighter until we don't see anything.
Zero point three for me, felt like the best middle ground.
You can put point four point to be a little more color interference coming in zero point three, honestly,
for me was perfect.
And so I kept it at that level.
And let's look at what's going on on Android and if we open up that app in the expo.
We'll see the account cover pop up as well.
Now, playing with the aesthetics of these things obviously can be a bit.
Like tinkering, you want it to look nice for your visual, it doesn't necessarily need to be the exact
same thing we're doing.
You could you could even do a light green, light blue background.
Let's do twenty five.
But you could you could do something like this and give it a blue opacity.
You know, it really depends on the eye that you have and what you find to look nice, personalize this
app as much as you need to.
And as we can see here, an android looks exactly the same.
Beautiful, absolutely stunning.
Blueberry's we're in right straight competition with you with our meals to go.
Just joking.
We can't compete with Obreht breeds.
That being said, visually very pleasing app.